# Right Knob

An SDVX music searcher for Android.

The software is simple enough that any user could learn how to use it even at the first glance. 
Just enter anything related to the song you want to search, the name, the artist, the memes. 
You can contribute to this project by a meme pull request to enrich the searching database or give the developer advice on coding.

## How it works

Right Knob captures the user input and searches it in a build-in SQLite database which stores music information of Sound Voltex. Quite simple. 

Theoretically, codes here are only for exhibition and study use. 
Because of some copyright issues we all know, most resource files could not be uploaded. 
But we can still describe those forbidden resources so that you can build your app if you are playing a modified game.

music.db is an autogenerated database. 
It contains only one table MUSIC for searching and indexing. The rows of the table are given below:

```sqlite
    MID INT PRIMARY KEY NOT NULL ,
    NAME VARCHAR NOT NULL ,
    NAME_YO VARCHAR NOT NULL ,
    ARTIST VARCHAR NOT NULL ,
    ARTIST_YO VARCHAR NOT NULL ,
    MUSIC_ASCII VARCHAR NOT NULL ,
    BPM_MAX INT NOT NULL ,
    BPM_MIN INT NOT NULL ,
    DATE INT NOT NULL ,
    VERSION INT NOT NULL ,
    INF_VER INT ,
    
    NOV_LV INT ,
    NOV_ILL VARCHAR ,
    NOV_EFF VARCHAR ,
    ADV_LV INT ,
    ADV_ILL VARCHAR ,
    ADV_EFF VARCHAR ,
    EXH_LV INT ,
    EXH_ILL VARCHAR ,
    EXH_EFF VARCHAR ,
    INF_LV INT ,
    INF_ILL VARCHAR ,
    INF_EFF VARCHAR ,
    MXM_LV INT ,
    MXM_ILL VARCHAR ,
    MXM_EFF VARCHAR ,
    
    MEME VARCHAR NOT NULL 
```

All jackets are stored in the /res/drawable folder and followed the name format of "s_${mid}.png". 
In practice, I choose the jacket of the highest difficulty for each song, which may be more familiar to most gamers. 

## Trivia

The most direct way to support the developer is by sending me the latest version of [BUY SOME APPLES] so that I can update the music database to catch the official game version XD

It took only three days since I started the first line of code till I finished the first usable version. As a new beginner, I must say the threshold of Kotlin is real low.

Lalafell is cute.
